# Matteo Loglio
[Matteo Loglio](https://matlo.me) is a designer and artist, currently experimenting with the creative applications of artificial intelligence. Recently he designed a musical synthesizer for Google, he taught a river in London to write poetry and started the ed-tech company [Cubetto](https://primotoys.com): a wooden robot that is changing the lives of the millions of children using it every day. Matteo talks about design and creativity in universities, museums and hackspaces around the world. Sometimes you can find his work exhibited in places like MoMA NY, V&A London, or Triennale Milan


## Long version (first person)
I'm an artist and designer working on tangible products, experiences, and new realities. <br>
My research spans across different media, looking at our relationships with machines and technology through design and creativity. I am currently exploring new inventive applications of machine learning, teaming up with scientists, artists, and designers on the development of new products with simple bits of intelligence. <br>
Recently I designed a musical instrument for Google AI, making their technology available to artists and musicians. Before that, I worked on a series of experiments to raise awareness on internet addiction, taught a river in London how to write poetry using AI, and started an open-source toy company. I just started a new studio in London, where we research and develop wild experiments at the edge of design and technology. Before that, I was a creative technologist at Google Creative Lab. <br>
I talk about design and creativity in universities, museums, and hackspaces around the world. Sometimes you can find my projects in places such as MoMA in New York, V&A in London, or Triennale in Milan. Some of these projects received a few awards, including Red Dot Design Award, a few D&AD pencils, IXDA Award, and Cannes Lions.
